hello ladies and gentlemen welcome back
to the show it is Tuesday a purely night
the my name is force here with your days
gaming news in today's discussion
Starcraft ghosts may eventually come out
shroud of the avatar gets funded and EA
is voted the worst company in America
alright so first up in news today we've
got starcraft ghost to the game that was
once left in the dust courtesy of world
of warcraft well the good news is it may
eventually still come out speaking with
PlayStation Magazine Blizzard
Entertainment's Matthew burger revealed
that starcraft ghost was never
technically cancelled but rather was put
on hold goes to his first revealed back
in 2002 and although we've seen
screenshots and gameplay footage little
else has been said of the title leading
most to believe that had been cancelled
I don't think anyone would be surprised
if I were to tell you Starcraft goes the
likely got delayed courtesy of World of
Warcraft I mean they announced ghost in
2002 while comes out a couple years
later and Blizzard probably says wow
this game is making us a ton of money
maybe we should focus on that but
regardless of what happened in the past
I know myself and many others will be
happy if they eventually release
Starcraft ghost next up in News Lord
British's shroud of the avatar has
completed funding by quite a lot shroud
of the avatar is an upcoming fantasy
role-playing game that focuses on player
choice and discovery the game is being
developed by ultima creator richard
garriott and his team at porto lariam
and the story is being written by New
York Times bestselling author tracy
hickman kickstarter funding for the
project reached just under 2 million
dollars nearly double their original
goal richard garriott and his team are
really promising an amazing RPG
experience and shroud of the avatar the
question is of course can they deliver
now i'm not going to doubt the man who
created ultima and based on the
immersive experience that they're
talking about this really could be an
incredible game we'll just have to wait
and find out when this game eventually
comes in 2014 and last up in news today
EA has been voted the worst company in
America by a bunch of idiots for the
second year in a row EA has won the
consumerist award for worst company in
America the major factors leading to
their victory were cited as
failure to provide a product people want
high prices and subpar support of their
titles coming in at a not so close
second was Bank of America oh this hurts
my head it's so stupid this does not
make any sense how is EA considered the
worst company in America by anyone tell
me how is EA worse than the financial
institutions who played a role in our
current recession tell me how is EA
worse than big technology companies that
have their products made by children in
sweatshops in third-world countries who
get paid pennies a day tell me how is EA
worse than big tobacco or fast food
chains who directly contribute to the
death of humans the death well I'll tell
you how it's because for the idiots who
voted for EA the worst thing that's ever
happened to them and their entire life
is having to pay five dollars for DLC on
a video game that sounds horrible now
I'm not going to pretend that I have a
difficult life I get paid to make videos
about video games and put them on the
Internet that's not tough but I'm also
not stupid enough to think that any
video game company is the worst company
in America stupid stupid stupid stupid
all right guys that's gonna do it for
today's episode of the show as always
thank you so much for watching once
again this has been forced and you have
just been force-fed you know what I just
had a revelation it makes perfect sense
now these guys voted for EA over bank of
america because they don't care about
bank of america because they don't have
any money so what's the big deal and
that also explains why they're pissed
off about five dollar DLC because
they're broke